Improves FastMCP dev experience and docs (#1773)
NVIDIA/NeMo-Agent-Toolkit: docs/source/run-workflows/fastmcp-server.md

  --watch-path examples/getting_started/simple_calculator/src
```

> If your watch path contains actively written files (such as logs, temp files, or cache artifacts), limit which changes trigger reload with include and exclude globs:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the dev server ignores changes to common noisy files (`*.log`, `*.tmp`, `*.temp`) in addition to the patterns already excluded by `watchfiles` (`__pycache__`, `*.pyc`, `*.swp`, etc.).
To further control which changes trigger a reload, use include and exclude globs:

```

Reviewer: Docs would benefit from mentioning what default excludes so they don't pass redundant flags or get confused when certain changes don't trigger reloads. A short sentence listing the defaults and explaining the interaction would help.

Author: good suggestion, addressed
